If I hadn't changed back then with Jehovah's help, all things would be so
different today. I guess I'm not the only one whose loyalty was tested, but for
me it was a little more subtle. My phone was a door to just about everything, but
that door opened to some places I shouldn't have gone. At first I thought it's
not pornography, so it's okay, but still, what I was seeing filled my mind with
immoral thoughts, and I couldn't stop. Galatians 6, 7 and 8 reads, do not be
misled. God is not one to be mocked. For whatever a person is sewing, this he will
also reap. Reap what you sow. Reap what you sow. I was sewing unclean desires, and
reaping a double heart. De-sensitized to things Jehovah hates. Turn my eyes away
from looking at what is worthless. It wasn't just whether an image is
considered pornography. Anything that stirs up unclean thoughts is worthless, and I
should turn my eyes away. But I had to do more. Those weren't just the
psalmist words. They had to be my words. Words I've had to act on ever since to
stay loyal to Jehovah.